Hey. Dolores.
Hey. Danny.
how are you?
I'm great.
Hit the jackpot with
that Ruby Red lotto you sold me.
Woo-hoo.
What'd you win?
Five whole dollars.
You're rich.
It's gonna chance my life.
Stay there
and don't move.
You. empty the register.
Now!
Come on.
Come on. bitch.
Let's go! Let's go!
Do what he says.
Come on. where's the rest of it?
Where's the rest of it?
That's...
all I have.
No. you've got more.
You've got more.
No.
Man. she's telling the tr...
You shut up.
I don't.
Don't hold out on me. bitch.
I'm not. I swear.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪
Call 911.
911. What's your emergency?
Damn it.
I want to report
a robbery in my bodega.
I believe the impossible
is possible. Why?
Because I'm proof positive
that it's not where you start.
it's where you finish.
When I was a little girl.
my best friend said to me
that we were the only ones
who could change our future.
It's true. I did.
I know you did.
She was right.
and I now run one of
the most successful
tech companies in the world.
And I'm here to tell
all the girls out there.
the future is yours.
Get off social media.
Get into your heads and hearts.
I'm partial to coding.
but find
what sparks you.
Like sexually harassing
your employees?
You want to tell the world
what you did to me?
I didn't do anything.
Call security. Now.
I was an employee
at Moore House Technologies
when Kyla Moore forced me
into a sexual relationship.
When I finally stood up to her
and said no.
she had me fired.
That's not true.
I've hired a lawyer.
Get him out.
And I'm suing you
- and everyone will know...
- Come on. let's go.
...what a predator you are.
Get him the hell
out of here now!
Thanks for coming.
Of course. Is Bull here yet?
He's... indisposed.
Indisposed?
This is Kyla
and her husband Oscar.
Please meet TAC's chief legal
counsel. Chester Palmer.
Thank you so much
for coming.
Of course.
Please have a seat.
So.
I understand that someone
has accused you
of sexual harassment.
Yes. and it's trending.
D-Don't go down
that rabbit hole.
You're right. You're right.
This man...
Raiden Parks.
Is there any truth
to his allegations?
I slept with Raiden.
but it was consensual.
I had no idea
he was my employee.
We have more than
3.000 employees
in New York.
not counting freelancers.
It would be impossible for Kyla
to know everyone.
Okay. I'm sorry.
but you don't seem upset
about your wife's affair.
Mr. Moore.
Oh. uh. that's
because it wasn't an affair.
We have an open marriage.
You do?
I know it's unconventional.
but it works for us.
There's rules.
It can't last longer
than three months.
No one the other person knows.
If you start
developing feelings.
we cut it off immediately.
The point is.
is that we are still
completely committed
to each other.
So.
if you didn't know Mr. Parks
from work.
how did you meet him?
I keep a suite at the Arlo.
Uh. we met at the bar next door.
He was reading Auden.
She's a sucker for Auden.
After a few drinks.
I invited him upstairs.
We met there
for a couple months
until I discovered
he worked for me.
How'd you find that out?
I stopped by our satellite
office in Long Island City
and bumped into him in the hall.
I ended things immediately.
But you didn't fire him?
No. He was a freelance coder
on a six-month contract.
He finished out his term.
just like every other coder
on his team.
Just because you didn't know him
doesn't mean he didn't know you.
You own
the company he works for.
You've been
all over cable news.
on the cover of
every magazine.
Wait...
Didn't you mention Auden
in that New Yorker profile?
That sounds right.
Okay. what are the odds
that Raiden
just happened
to be at the bar
next door to the hotel
where Kyla keeps a suite
and just happened
to be reading Auden?
He set her up.
Maybe there was a gunman
on the grassy knoll.
Maybe there wasn't.
I did not force that man
to have sex with me. Mr. Palmer.
Will you help me?
Will you take my case?
So. he worked for her.
they slept together.
and now he's out of a job?
Kyla did not know
that he worked for her.
and the sex was consensual.
Mm. Well.
it's tough to prove a negative.
Tougher to prove consent.
Do you want to do this later?
No. I'm fine.
I just tweaked my back.
That tweak looks more
like a torque.
No. I...
I offered to help
this delivery man
with some boxes.
He neglected to tell me
they were filled with bricks.
I'm okay.
All right.
You might want to
settle this one quietly.
It's already in the press.
Settling will look like
an admission of guilt.
Kyla's career will be ruined.
Well. it's gonna be even worse
if she loses in court.
Open marriage doesn't sit well
with the jury.
Yeah. you're right.
It threatens
the idea of marriage.
People don't want to think
that monogamy is impossible.
And besides. most of the people
in our jury pool are married.
or they want to be married
someday.
Okay. you know
what else threatens marriage?
Adultery.
How many male politicians and
CEOs have cheated on their wives
and gotten to move on
like nothing happened?
But a woman has a relationship
outside her marriage.
that her husband
is okay with.
and she has to wear
a scarlet letter
for the rest of her life.
It's a double standard.
Oh. I know. I...
You both have daughters.
Don't you want them
to be judged by
the same standard as men?
Of course.
Absolutely.
Then Kyla can't give up
without a fight.
Okay. but are you sure
we should be
the ones doing the fighting?
Maybe we can refer her
to another firm.
Why? Because this case has
a stink on it?
No.
But this case
is gonna get dirty.
and she is your friend.
And she might not like
where this ends up.
You might not like
what you find out about her.
Kyla is telling the truth.
She didn't tell you about
her open marriage.
People lie.
even to their friends.
I mean...
I didn't really
throw my back out
helping a delivery guy.
I was trying to ties my shoes.
That's embarrassing.
My point exactly.
You don't know what's
gonna come of this. Marissa.
and that's all I'm saying.
If a friendship is strong
enough. it can weather anything.
Then that is that.
All right.
if you guys wouldn't mind.
I'd like to try to sit down
without any witnesses.
♪
I've. uh. got the number
to a great chiropractor...
I'm fine. Thank you. Chunk.
Love you.
No. no. no.
no. no. no.
Okay.
Ow! That was a mistake.
♪
Raiden Parks is desperate
for money.
Good morning to you. too.
I told you this was entrapment.
Well. why is he so hard up?
Messy divorce.
big child support payments.
He's been in arrears
for almost a year.
Arrears.
You're in your ear.
"Arrears."
Arrears is a weird word.
Yeah. uh. he took
some muscle relaxers.
They're having an effect.
I'm fine.
Yeah. as long as you don't
try to stand up.
Standing's overrated.
Oh. Oh.
Got it. Got it.
Continue.
Raiden's attorney
just requested Kyla's emails
going back five years.
I figured that. I already had
the paralegals go through them.
There's nothing explosive.
Are you sure? That's a lot of
emails to comb through.
That is why God invented
keyword searches.
Sorry. I'm late.
Oh. no!
What happened to your arm?
Oh. I. uh. tweaked my shoulder
in Krav Maga.
Krav Maga.
Hmm.
Did you hurt your arm
trying to tie your shoelaces.
too?
Uh. sure.
if it makes you feel better.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. so I put in a call
to Penelope Urgola.
She works at Moore House Tech.
She's Raiden's outcry witness--
someone that he talked to
about the harassment.
And what did she have to say?
Well.
she claimed Raiden asked her
how to reject Kyla's advances
without getting fired.
Did she ever witness
the harassment personally?
No.
But she did say Kyla never
came to the satellite office
until after Raiden
started working there.
and then she was there a lot.
Kyla told me
that they were doing renovations
on the main conference room.
That's why she started going
to the satellite office.
Unfortunately.
Penelope Urgola isn't
Raiden's only outcry witness.
He's planning to put
his therapist on the stand.
And what's
the therapist gonna say?
Raiden started seeing her
shortly after Kyla
allegedly forced him
to sleep with her.
He's been in severe
emotional distress.
Is on antidepressants.
anxiety meds.
I am telling you. this is
a carefully orchestrated setup.
Danny. why don't you...
Oh. sorry.
You probably don't feel up
to a field trip.
What? No. it's... It's fine.
I'm-I'm good. Seriously.
Okay.
Then can you head over
to the bar
where Kyla and Raiden first met?
Just see if anyone saw him
target her
or manipulate her in any way.
Sure. I'll-I'll be there
when they open for lunch.
I think you need to have
another talk with your friend.
All right.
and see if there's anything
that she hasn't told us.
'cause what I'm hearing so far.
it don't sound good.
It don't sound good.
What are we talking about?
Might be time for someone
to go lie down.
Oh. yeah. she's right.
You should go home.
That looks very painful.
I think she's talking about you.
I'm in arrears.
Hi. I'm doing an investigation.
and I need to talk
to your staff.
Nobody's in trouble.
There won't be any problems.
Cool?
Don't hassle the customers.
and you can knock yourself out.
Great.
How about we start with you?
Have you seen either of
these people here?
The names are Raiden Parks.
Kyla Moore.
I mean. maybe?
We get a lot of people.
Great.
Did you ever see him here alone.
before they started meeting up?
Probably arrived separately
but left together?
Yeah. Yeah. I saw them.
They came in a couple
of times at least.
What'd they do?
Ate. Drank. Left.
Did you get a sense of
a dynamic between them?
Did he seem like he was
in any way preying on her?
No. I mean.
not that I noticed.
Great.
Oh. man.
What's going on there?
Tore it playing racquetball.
You got any good tequila?
Lots.
All right then.
You. um.
want some anti-inflammatory
to go with that?
I got some back here.
Alcohol's not really a big help
when you're. uh.
healing muscle.
Works for me.
Feel better already.
Hey. can I talk to you
for a second?
I am so glad you're here.
I've climbing the walls.
Turns out I'm not very good
at putting my fate
in other people's hands.
No. that was never you.
Be honest with me.
Are we gonna lose?
We're still
assessing the case.
but there are some concerns
amongst my team.
They think
the jurors won't like me
because I have an open marriage.
They're worried
the jurors might not
understand that choice.
And to be honest. I'm...
not sure I fully understand it.
either.
You and Oscar
always seemed so...
Happy?
Yeah.
I know.
A couple years ago.
Oscar stopped wanting
to have sex with me.
At first I felt rejected.
but then I worked the problem.
Oscar and I have been married
for 20 years.
We run a business together.
We do everything together.
So I realized.
maybe Oscar needed some variety.
If it could save my marriage.
I was willing to try it.
And it worked.
Here we are. still together.
Still happy.
Until this nightmare.
We are going to
get through this.
But I need to know.
Is there anything else
you can think of
that Raiden might be able
to spring on us?
Any pictures. videos?
Voice mails?
I should've told you this
already.
but I was embarrassed.
I sent Raiden a few racy videos.
How bad are they?
Raiden said
he liked to be dominated.
So they're
basically me telling him that
he had to do whatever I asked
or I'd punish him.
Do you have anything from him
where he says that.
that he likes to be dominated?
No.
I know you don't
want to settle...
Marissa.
You realize the implications...
I don't want to settle.
I don't want that creep
to see one dime.
But I'm afraid
if we go to court.
you're gonna get slaughtered.
In exchange for dropping
the civil suit
against our client
and signing an NDA.
Ms. Moore is prepared
to offer your client
a one-time settlement fee
of $7 million.
That's extortion.
Your wife needs to pay
for what she did to me.
Do we have an agreement?
Not quite.
My client has
one more stipulation.
Kyla Moore has to resign
as CEO of Moore House Tech.
You can't be serious.
Sexual predators shouldn't be
in positions of power.
You step down or no deal.
We walked away. obviously.
Kyla spent her life
building that company.
She's not giving it up
for a shakedown artist.
I tried to get Raiden's attorney
to back off.
but she wouldn't budge.
Huh.
"Huh"?
That's all you've got? Huh?
Maybe he's still out of it
from the muscle.
I'm not out of it.
Let me get up. I'll...
No. I'm gonna stay down.
Yeah.
You offer a shakedown artist
$7 million.
and he doesn't take it?
- That doesn't add up.
- He said he didn't want Kyla
to be in a position to harass
any more employees.
- Do you believe him?
- No.
He's got an ulterior motive.
I just...
don't know what it is
if it's not money.
Well. someone wants Kyla out
of power at Moore House Tech.
Maybe it's Raiden.
maybe someone who's paying him
more than $7 million
to make sure it happens.
Kyla is the face of the company.
Without her.
it takes a big hit.
You think a competitor
put Raiden up to this?
I don't know.
I'm just a guy
on too many muscle relaxers.
And if I were you.
I'd find out.
Hey. I wanted to ask you...
I've already got Taylor
looking into
Raiden's
professional background.
Seeing if there are any ties
to Moore House Tech competitors.
Oh. that's great.
Um. but I wanted to ask you
about Kyla's emails.
I was going through
the discovery log
and noticed there was
one exchange that got pulled.
That exchange wasn't relevant
to the case.
Okay. well. I ask
because it was already
within the parameters...
It's not relevant.
You know what is?
Those racy videos
Kyla sent Raiden.
Any chance you can
get them suppressed?
Well. we can try.
but I think
we'll lose that fight.
I figured as much.
They're gonna come out anyway.
I just wish we could
control the narrative.
Well...
maybe we can.
You have been a very.
very bad boy. Raiden.
I'm gonna have to punish you.
You know that. don't you?
First. I am gonna take off
all your clothes.
Then. I'm gonna tie you
to the bed.
You won't resist me because...
I own you.
Don't ever forget that.
This is one of three videos
that my client. Kyla Moore.
left for Raiden Parks.
Now. Ms. Moore
admits to having
a consensual sexual affair
with Mr. Parks
in which they engaged
in occasional role-play games.
Ms. Moore denies knowing
that Mr. Parks worked for her
during the time
of their relationship.
nor did she coerce him
in any way.
And we look forward
to proving
that Mr. Parks' allegations
of sexual harassment
are completely false.
One at a time. please.
Oscar. are you okay
with your wife's affair?
Kyla and I have been married
for almost two decades.
We are deeply committed
to each other.
In fact. we trust
each other so much
that a couple of years ago
we decided to open up
our marriage.
So. yes. I am okay
with her affair.
What I am not okay with is
her being slandered
and extorted.
Ugh.
Well. that was smart of Chunk
to have the supportive husband
there.
Okay.
Ow! What was that?
Well. you said
to really dig in...
No. I know. but it didn't mean
"use a shovel."
It really hurts.
All right.
Okay. No. I liked
what you were doing.
I just didn't like that part.
Mm.
Can you come back and
just not do that one?
Hmm.
Thank you.
I wonder if excessive whining
was what led to
their open marriage?
Oh. should I be worried?
Do you need
more excitement
than massaging
your invalid husband?
God no.
And who has the time or energy
for more than one partner?
Or the core strength.
I'm gonna get you
another ice pack.
Thank you.
It feels good.
But...
you know. if we are talking
about bringing more excitement
into our lives.
there is something I would...
I would love.
Okay. Yes.
One night a month.
Dancing.
Oh. yeah.
Okay. uh...
I can't promise that. you know.
I'll be pretty out there
on the floor.
but once I'm back on my feet.
I'm there.
Oh. no. You're not invited.
What do you mean?
You hate dancing.
and I hate dancing with someone
who hates dancing.
No. I meant a free pass.
One night a month
where I just get to go dancing
with my friends.
Ooh. Done.
That gives me one night
a month to indulge
in my guilty pleasure.
Hmm.
Do I want to know?
A good game on TV.
Bucket of hot wings.
No judgment.
♪ I pamper you...
♪ Dizzy summer... ♪
Oh. wait. wait. wait.
I want another one. Come on.
Everything okay?
Why do you ask?
Well. it's been a few hours
since you finished
talking to everybody.
and here you still are.
Well. maybe I like it here.
Hey. if I wanted
a necklace like that.
where would I get it?
Nepal. at a puja ceremony.
Puja.
Mm-hmm.
At the base of Everest.
You know about it?
A Tibetan lama blesses the climb
before you go up the mountain.
right?
That's right. Yeah.
Ah.
He gave me this.
Wait. you've climbed Everest?
Not quite.
Got most of the way up.
then another team
got in trouble.
We had to help them down.
Then some bad weather set in.
and that was that.
You climb?
No. I wish.
I'm just interested.
Man. to get that close
to the top
and not make it.
That's got to be hard.
When you're on the mountain.
you're not in control.
The mountain is.
Just got to accept it.
Who says?
One more!
Yeah. I'm afraid that's it.
Wait. wait. N-No.
You're cutting me off?
Let me get you a cab.
Ah.
No. thank you.
Let me. You've had
a bit too much to drink.
No.
I'm nothing. Okay? I'm great.
I won the lottery this morning.
That's how I got this.
You said you hurt it
playing racquetball.
Whatever. man. I am fine.
I don't need your help.
I'm fine.
Okay. You're fine.
♪ All together now.
Uh. thanks. Taylor.
Text me if anything pops up.
They leaked it.
What?
Our settlement offer.
Retaliation for
the press conference. I bet.
They're trying to make Raiden
look like a saint.
like he walked away
from $7 million
to protect future victims.
They're gonna see this.
and going after him
about overdue
child support payments
isn't gonna move
the needle.
Yep.
Seven million would buy
a lot of school lunches.
Please tell me that
Taylor found some connection
between Raiden and one of
Moore House Tech's competitors.
No obvious link.
Uh. Raiden mainly worked
in academia
before the Moore House Tech gig.
What about Danny?
Anything from the bar?
No one willing to say that
Raiden targeted Kyla directly.
Just gonna have to go after
Raiden with what I got.
Which is?
My wit and charm.
It took me a long time
to admit I was being harassed.
Abused.
As a man. that's a hard thing
to wrap your head around.
But my therapist helped me work
up the courage to confront Kyla.
So I told her
I wasn't gonna meet her
in her hotel suite anymore.
And did the defendant accept no
for an answer?
No.
That's when she started coming
to the satellite office
where I was working.
She'd corner me
and demand that I go
into the storage closet
with her and...
...perform oral sex on her.
That's not true.
Try not to react.
Why not simply refuse
to go in the closet with her?
She said if I didn't give her
what she wanted.
she'd fire me.
I needed the job.
But I started having
these panic attacks.
worrying about
when she'd come for me next.
So eventually I did refuse.
And true to her word.
she fired me.
Why did you decide
to bring this lawsuit?
I have two young sons.
I just can't stand the thought
that someone could do this
to one of them someday.
I couldn't stay silent.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
We just lost another one.
Should I even look?
That depends. Are you
a glutton for punishment?
I'm a grown man.
using a foam roller
on the floor
in front of my employees.
I'm a glutton for something.
You said that
Kyla Moore fired you.
But. in fact.
you left Moore House Tech
when your six-month contract
as a freelance coder
came to its natural end.
Isn't that correct?
Well. I was hired
as a freelancer.
But when Kyla coerced me
into sleeping with her.
she promised she'd make
my position permanent.
When I broke things off.
that went away.
Do you have any written proof
that Ms. Moore altered
the terms of
your employment contract?
No.
Do you have any proof
that she forced you
in a supply closet?
Security camera footage.
perhaps?
It was her company.
I mean. she knew
how to avoid the cameras.
What about witnesses?
If she came to your workspace
as frequently as you claim.
surely one of your colleagues
would've seen
the two of you together?
She was always very careful.
Having sex
in a supply closet at work
doesn't sound careful to me.
No. in fact. Mr. Parks.
it sounds to me like your story
just doesn't add up.
Objection. Inflammatory.
Counsel is testifying.
Sustained.
Watch your step. Mr. Palmer.
Mr. Parks. you don't have
a single shred of evidence
that proves
that Ms. Moore knew
you were her employee
when you were having a
consensual sexual relationship.
do you?
Yes. I do.
I have her email.
Your Honor.
we went through
Ms. Moore's emails
and there wasn't
a single email to Mr. Parks.
Your Honor.
I have the email
in question right here.
It's from Kittyky1999@AOL.com
from the defendant's
personal account.
I haven't used that account
since college.
It's where I send
all my spam.
The plaintiff did not provide
any of these
for discovery. and we have not
had a chance to review it.
Defense has access to
their client's
personal emails.
It's not Mr. Parks' fault
that they missed it.
Your Honor...
And Mr. Palmer asked
if Mr. Parks has proof.
He should be allowed
to present his proof.
I'll allow it.
Go ahead. Mr. Parks.
"Ray. I can't stop
thinking about you.
"I've never felt this way
for anyone.
not even my husband."
I didn't write that.
That's not me.
"I need you right now.
"Meet me at the Arlo
in an hour.
"Don't say no this time.
or I'll be forced
to punish you at work."
I'm done defending you.
Oscar.
I want order in this court.
Order!
What's happening?
Oh. son of a bitch.
Was this the email you pulled?
I need to go after Kyla.
Order!
Marissa.
Taylor. talk to me.
Mr. Palmer.
get control of your client.
Tell me what's happening.
Pretty sure
all hell is breaking loose.
I have never
seen Oscar that angry.
Well. that's probably him.
No. The board is meeting
to discuss my position.
They want me to resign.
Just go home. lay low.
We will get to the bottom
of all of this.
Thank you.
Take me home.
If you're trying
to protect your friend.
you're doing a lousy job.
What?
You pulled that email
from discovery. didn't you?
Do you think I am that stupid?
To try and cover up an email
the other side received?
I know you're hiding something.
You pulled an email.
What was it?
It was an email
I wrote about you. okay?
What?
I pulled it because
I was trying to protect you.
After Benny left.
I emailed Kyla
to see if she knew
any good attorneys.
I wasn't sure if you were up
to the job of chief counsel.
You have doubts
about my abilities?
I did. then.
I don't anymore. but clearly you
have doubts about my integrity.
It's my ass that's on the line
as the lawyer.
and Kyla is your friend.
People do stupid stuff
for their friends.
Clearly.
Look. just next time
give me a little bit of credit.
okay?
My ego is not that fragile.
Okay.
Done.
Kyla didn't write that email.
you know.
If she didn't write it.
who did?
Raiden or whoever
he's working for.
Think about it.
Why would Kyla tell us
about those videos
but hide that email?
It's the smoking gun.
It proves she knew
Raiden worked for her.
That's the problem.
At the last minute.
they pull out
exactly what Raiden needs
to prove his case.
I think he faked the email.
Well. unless we can prove it.
Kyla's done.
Marissa wants to see us.
You okay?
Someone took out my brain
and replaced it
with broken glass.
but other than that I'm good.
What happened?
Nothing.
Just a little too much fun.
Let's go.
The email wasn't fabricated.
It definitely came
from Kyla's computer.
Well.
Raiden's a coder. right?
Maybe he hacked her system.
or whoever put him
up to this did.
Uh. if I can find
evidence of a hack.
I might be able to work
backwards to whoever did it.
but I'll need access
to Kyla's servers.
Well. they're at her house.
I can get you in.
Danny. can you go with her?
See if there are any signs
of a break-in.
Someone may have tried to get
to the servers directly.
Sure.
Excuse me.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm. uh.
looking for her.
I'll check in with you both
later.
What's up?
You. um...
left your credit card
at the bar last night.
Oh.
Thanks.
How'd you find me?
You told me where you worked.
Twice.
Oh.
I wanted to make sure
you're okay.
since I couldn't get you
that cab.
Yeah. I'm-I'm good.
Thank you.
How's the mysterious
shoulder injury treating you?
You know. it's...
it's better.
It's getting better.
Okay then.
I'll. uh...
I'll go. I guess.
You ever hear
the phrase "climbing heavy"?
No.
It's when a climber's having
a tougher time with a route
than they should be.
They're out of shape.
or their head's not in it.
Usually because
they're distracted
by something.
Are you saying that's me?
You looked that way last night.
For whatever it's worth.
Anyway.
you got your card.
See you.
♪
Um. we should
get to Kyla's house.
Absolutely.
Checked all the entrances
and the. uh. security footage.
There's no sign
anyone broke in.
How are you doing?
I'm fighting
with the bloody smart sensors
bloody Kyla and Oscar
installed everywhere
in this bloody house
that for some bloody reason
don't want me to have
access to the servers.
Smart sensors?
They track your heartbeat.
insulin level.
Practically read your mind.
I'd think they were amazing
if they weren't making me
so miserable.
Oh.
Who was that guy today?
Bartender from last night.
Pretty sweet as bartenders go.
Bringing you your card and all.
Yep.
Seems like a nice guy.
Can we just not talk about him?
Can we not talk
about anything?
Can we just do the job
and not talk?
Fine.
We don't have to talk about it.
but when even bartenders
are asking
if you're okay.
you might take the hint.
You don't look good.
I don't know what's going on.
but something is.
and you should talk to somebody
about it.
Because this whole "I'm Danny.
nothing bothers me" thing
is bull.
And I know it sounds like it.
but I don't mean that as a pun.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
I-I'm just hungover.
Whatever you say.
This is weird.
What?
I'm not seeing
any signs of a hack. but...
look at the sensor readings
when the email was sent.
See Kyla's heartbeat?
It's under 60 beats per minute.
She was asleep.
That means Marissa was right.
She couldn't have sent it.
Uh-huh.
But look at Oscar's.
120?
He's not just awake.
he's jacked up.
We've been looking
for the person
who put Raiden up to it.
maybe he's been under our nose
the whole time.
We got to find something that
connects Raiden and Oscar.
You think Oscar wrote the email?
Our investigators discovered
that Oscar and Raiden
know each other.
Oscar was a professor in
Raiden's study abroad program.
Study abroad.
That was over 20 years ago.
They were also
at the same tech conference
in Vegas
a month before Raiden started
working for Moore House.
And sleeping with you.
You think they
bumped into each other.
started reminiscing
about old times.
and then. what.
decided to ruin my life for fun?
Oscar knew when you would be
at the Siren Room.
He knows Auden is
your favorite poet.
He knows all your passwords.
No. There's got to be
another explanation.
It doesn't make any sense.
If I pay. Oscar pays.
But the board just gave him
your job.
My husband loves me.
He started out as your mentor.
Now he's in your shadow. Kyla.
Oscar would never.
never do this to me!
Are you sure you're gonna
be okay without me?
Oh. yeah. You go
and dance the night away.
I've...
Wait a second.
Are you sure you can't just
stay home and take care of me?
Anybody missing
a bucket of hot wings?
Oh. in here.
These were right
outside your door.
Which was wide open?
Well. I was worried that
I wouldn't be able to get
to the door. so...
I thought these wings were
supposed to come
without judgment.
I assume this isn't
a social call.
We showed Kyla the evidence.
but she refuses to believe it.
Won't let us use it.
And we're sunk if we
can't show the jury
that Oscar put Raiden
up to this.
Kyla's husband is behind this?
I'm looking better
and better. aren't I?
I know this is a horrible thing
for Kyla to have to accept.
but the evidence is
pretty clear.
I don't know
how else to prove it to her.
Mind if I get that...
Yes. I do.
When Jason was accused of
jury tampering.
there's no evidence
that would've convinced me
he was guilty.
He would've had to
confess to me himself.
Well. then. I guess you're gonna
have to get Oscar to confess.
♪
You really believe this?
Because of an
elevated heart rate
and some decades-old
study abroad trip?
I don't even remember the guy.
This is ridiculous.
I assure you I am serious.
You are facing charges of
conspiracy to commit fraud.
identity theft.
federal wire fraud.
You could be looking at
spending the rest of your life
behind bars.
What's Raiden doing here?
Chunk reached out
to a friend of his
who works in the D.A.'s office.
He's on his way over.
Whoever talks first
will get immunity
in exchange for testifying
against their coconspirator.
Yeah. well. I'm not talking
because there's nothing to say.
Do you trust Raiden
to keep his mouth shut
when he learns how many years
he could spend in prison?
I thought we were here
to discuss a new settlement.
Did I say that?
I'm sorry. No.
We are here because Raiden
and Oscar are gonna play a game
of prisoner's dilemma.
And if Raiden can win.
he might be able
to avoid prison.
What are you talking about?
You want to tell her about
the conspiracy you have
with Oscar Moore.
or should I?
You know me.
I love Kyla.
How could you ever think
that I would do
something so cruel?
I think you were hurt.
And you wanted her
to hurt. too.
What was it?
That her ideas
always eclipsed yours?
That she got
all the attention?
Were you sick of just being
Kyla Moore's husband?
Was I even that?
My wife was sleeping
with other men.
Because she thought you wanted
to sleep with other women.
She was trying to save
your marriage.
Then she should have
let me be the man
for once.
He resented me that much?
I'm so sorry.
Was I supposed to make
myself smaller
to make him feel bigger?
No.
You should never do that.
What can I do to help?
Shut it down.
We're talking to
the D.A.'s office.
No.
I don't want the world to know
my own husband tried to ruin me.
Are you saying that you don't
want Oscar to be punished
for what he's done to you?
I just want you
to make it go away.
Your Honor.
my client would like to
withdraw his complaint.
He has a statement
he'd like to make.
if it please the court.
Go ahead.
The allegations I made against
Kyla Moore were not true.
She never sexually harassed me.
I'd like to apologize to her
and her family
for putting them
through this ordeal.
And I'd also like to
apologize to the court.
Mr. Parks.
are you admitting
that you committed perjury
in my courtroom?
Your Honor. if I may be heard?
I suppose so.
Ms. Moore would like to put
this unpleasant chapter
behind her
as soon as possible.
I've spoken
with the D.A.'s office.
and we've worked out a deal
whereby Mr. Parks
would do 200 hours
of community service
in exchange
for pleading guilty to perjury.
We don't want to waste
any more of the court's time.
Mr. Parks.
you got off easy.
But you had better hope
that I never see you
in my courtroom again.
This case is adjourned.
I'm supposed to be dead.
Funny. You don't look dead.
A guy pointed a gun
at my head.
pulled the trigger...
That's supposed to kill you.
But it didn't.
Nope.
The gun misfired.
Here I am.
That's a good thing. Right?
Considering the alternative.
Yeah.
I guess.
I just. I haven't felt right
about it since it happened.
and I can't talk to my friends
about it.
Why not?
I need something to be
different.
If I got a second chance
for whatever reason.
something's got to change.
My life. my-my job.
Something.
Then why are you telling me?
Dude. I don't know.
You climbed Everest.
I only got halfway.
But...
I think I've got something
that will help.
You're-you're giving me coffee?
Oh. do not tell me
you're a tea person.
No. this is. this is good.
What's this?
This is a topo map
of Mount Marcy.
It's up in the Adirondacks.
A few of us are climbing it
this weekend.
It's not exactly
Mount Everest--
pretty easy walk-- but...
from the peak
you can see for miles.
It's like the whole world's laid
at your feet.
You want to come along?
I don't know your name.
It's Cameron.
Danny.
I know.
I saw your credit card.
- Right.
- Cameron!
Oh. um. I got to get this guy.
but. uh...
think about it.
♪ Completely caught up
♪ Next stop. shook up ♪
♪ The one to blame is you... ♪
Well. Oscar's the one
who got off easy. if you ask me.
In six months.
Kyla will file for divorce.
and Oscar will
step down as CFO.
And he'll be riding out his time
in their house in Aspen.
It's a gilded prison.
I bet you wish
he was behind real bars.
This is what Kyla wants.
Her heart's broken.
but at least she walks away
with her dignity intact.
Yeah.
At least someone got
to keep their dignity.
Those muscle relaxers
were powerful.
Was it as bad as I remember?
It wasn't so...
Worse.
Hmm.
Well. thank you for keeping
the ship afloat
while I was lost at sea.
You know. I forgot how good it
feels to just stand up straight.
I'm gonna go try the stairs.
See you in the morning.
See ya.
You ever think we could run
this place on our own?
Oh. yeah. Definitely.
And with a better name
than TAC.
Actually. TAC was my idea.
And by better.
I mean TAC is perfect.
What were you thinking?
No.
TAC's great.
Really.
It was nice working with you.
friend.
Right back at you.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm